fix#661 - added updated screenshots of the entire app (#950)
openMF/mobile-wallet: Screenshot.md

<p>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82584052-8ddfea00-9bb1-11ea-92a9-8c83abf6322e.jpg" width="288" height="500" />
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82584248-d8616680-9bb1-11ea-97b2-6a6e5129687a.jpg" width="288" height="500" />
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82584330-faf37f80-9bb1-11ea-8443-bb676a99d714.jpg" width="288" height="500" />
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82584418-18284e00-9bb2-11ea-94d2-5d9dedff8fb2.jpg" width="288" height="500" />

> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82584793-a13f8500-9bb2-11ea-847d-bb0e05279309.jpg" width="288" height="500" />

Reviewer: Amazing organization of images. However, I feel the Markdown way is better. It helps you to organize images in tables, give a description for every image. You can refer to this: https://gist.github.com/grocky/5d75af69b4f4c10304bf. and also avoids the hardcoded way, which might differ when the orientation changes and the screen size changes. You might choose to ignore it as well :).

|Google Signup|Mobile Verification|Registration Screen|
|------|------|------|
|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82584418-18284e00-9bb2-11ea-94d2-5d9dedff8fb2.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82584793-a13f8500-9bb2-11ea-847d-bb0e05279309.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82584872-bd432680-9bb2-11ea-8a99-eca1a031db20.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|

|Passcode Verification|Home Screen|Recent Transactions|
|------|------|------|
|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82588474-7b1ce380-9bb8-11ea-9a12-c72a57a7d5fe.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82584944-dba92200-9bb2-11ea-87ca-4f87b078d593.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82585044-ff6c6800-9bb2-11ea-86b2-764e7ec47689.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|

> |Payment Screen|Scanning QR Code for VPA Address|Making a Payment|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Selecting Transfer Method|Scanning QR Code for VPA Address|Making a Payment|
```

> |Payment Screen|Scanning QR Code for VPA Address|Making a Payment|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Selecting Transfer Method|Scanning QR Code for VPA Address|Making a Payment|
```

|Requesting Payment|Request Payment QR Code |Transaction History|
|------|------|------|
|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82585523-c2ed3c00-9bb3-11ea-999b-c68582f3f811.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82585345-7bff4680-9bb3-11ea-913a-9f2a27f9c83a.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82585589-dbf5ed00-9bb3-11ea-8f28-5ed2150e107d.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|

|Transaction Details|Specification Transactions History|Transaction Receipt|
|------|------|------|
|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82585645-f8922500-9bb3-11ea-8a5e-6190d2acddde.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82585705-1790b700-9bb4-11ea-9f77-05057301a51d.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82585802-4313a180-9bb4-11ea-897a-b5da9a7ff0d9.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|

> |Bank Accounts Screen|Linking New Account|Phone Number Verification|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Bank Accounts Screen|Linking Bank Account|Phone Number Verification|
```

|------|------|------|
|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82585960-7e15d500-9bb4-11ea-88a0-e9f3def320cd.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82586461-33e12380-9bb5-11ea-9ca6-9fe6199a29bb.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82586565-6723b280-9bb5-11ea-961e-19872e7f70f8.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|

|Merchants Screen|Merchant Payment and History Screen|User Profile Screen|
|------|------|------|
|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82587508-efef1e00-9bb6-11ea-81b2-54d9b8239ff6.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82587653-317fc900-9bb7-11ea-993b-36d558e2d499.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46667021/82586663-8fabac80-9bb5-11ea-8373-cd962931aa70.jpg" width="288" height="500" />|

> |Edit Profile Screen|Change Password Screen|Changing Passcode|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Edit Profile Screen|Change Password Screen|Change Passcode Screen|
```
